so here we've got a Lord Jack and I'm
gonna raise the car up using the front
factory Jack point so we can get both
front tires off the ground and slip in
to jack stands let's go down here and
take a look and how this part has been
supported so we can see there that the
rubber pads contacting the front Jack
point and once we actually have a car
raised and supported by those jack
stands then I will be able to actually
see that jacking point so now if we come
down here you're gonna place these Jack
guns and what you want to look for is
this jack point right here so if you get
like the flat or something there's
usually this is where you want to raise
the car up we can see that I want to
position these in such a way that when
see this this piece right here the side
skirt when it comes down we don't want
to catch it we want to make sure that we
have some have clearance so it's when I
position it the right way and make sure
that there's no issues when the car
comes down
it's this little knob right here you
want to make sure you're jacking that up
that your pad doesn't slip off so make
sure you have that taken care of some
some floor jacks have a cup that you can
put here I don't want to have a fairly
wide pad that'll suffice as well
so now that we've looked at the back of
the car notice more oil started raining
out so for those of you that want to get
every drop out lift the front and then
lift the back while it's open we're
gonna go ahead and lower we got the we
got the rear end up and we're gonna go
ahead and lower it down you know when
the jacks can stick we do from the front
same same procedure and we have the jack
set at the same same height and the
garage is level so when we'd service
differential in a few minutes we'll be
able to fill in and drain it properly
authorized location I'm gonna go ahead
and point it out so we raised with the
floor jack right here and this is where
we lifted the differential
okay guys yeah